I can't imagine what it is. Of course, there are fundamental principles about the Soviet Union.
No character, no customs, no public opinion, no legal, no legal, no military, no political, no political, no legal, no political, no political, no political.
if they try to convince them that they are not short, but there is a mass of the Orthodox groups or Muslims or people,
especially those who are so-and-so, from the beginning of the year, I consider it with a central representative of the spirit of the prime minister.
So, we can finally find out.
I think, of course, that the prime minister is only going to accept that they work in the principle of a human being,
but it is a serious competition in the European Union.
I think that the world is not the kind of organization that is currently in Russia in the 19th century,
it is if it is not a traditional one, it is a modern Russian organization.
I read an American film.
It is impossible to determine the face of the organization, even if it is a Russian Orthodox group,
it is impossible to determine the face of the Orthodox people.
In the Stalinist era, a human being was born,
you know that it is the right thing for a proper and honest person.
You can create an organization, a person who has become hundreds of thousands of people.
You know, it is possible for a repressivist or an illiterate group,
it is quite easy.
You can imagine that it was produced, and it was produced,
it is impossible to be able to be saved.
You have to protect your clothes, it is not just absurd.
I do not understand why, for those who do not like it,
the manner of human organizations of the Moscow Patriarchy
and what they are doing.
And above all, it is very difficult,
which I think is the cause of the war.
I do not understand the cause of which,
honestly, I do not read the order of an anti-concerned,
in the Russian fundamental principle of the Soviet Union
and in the same way, it is forbidden to be seen.